Update `/docs/hosted-instances` page (#2173)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/hosted-instances.mdx

import HostedEnsNodeInstances from "@components/molecules/HostedEnsNodeInstances.astro";
import HostedInstanceSdkVersionWarning from "@components/molecules/HostedInstanceSdkVersionWarning.astro";

> export const subgraphCompatibilityApiLevel = `API-level Subgraph Compatibility, where GraphQL APIs are equivalent but a superset of data is being queried and therefore the data returned for some queries may be different.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const subgraphCompatibilityApiLevel = `**API-level Subgraph Compatibility.** This ENSNode instance has a fully backwards compatible ENS Subgraph GraphQL API. However, additional plugins have been activated which index a superset of data into the subgraph data model in ENSDb (including Basenames, Lineanames, and 3DNS). This superset of indexed data means that the data returned for some ENS Subgraph API queries may be different. **NOTE:** As soon as ENSv2 launches the ENS Subgraph will no longer return correct data. Transition your apps now to the new ENS Omnigraph API to be ENSv2 ready.`;
```

> export const subgraphCompatibilityFull = `Full Subgraph Compatibility at both the API-level and the data-level. ENSNode can be used as a drop-in replacement for the ENS Subgraph, with guarantees that all data returned by ENSNode will be fully aligned with the ENS Subgraph.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const subgraphCompatibilityFull = `**Full Subgraph Compatibility.** This ENSNode instance has a fully backwards compatible ENS Subgraph GraphQL API at both the API-level and the data-level. We have exhaustively tested and verified that every data record returned by this ENSNode instance's ENS Subgraph API is byte-for-byte identical with The Graph's ENS Subgraph API. **NOTE:** As soon as ENSv2 launches the ENS Subgraph will no longer return correct data. Transition your apps now to the new ENS Omnigraph API to be ENSv2 ready.`;
```

> export const omnigraphForEnsV1 = `Powered by a polymorphic GraphQL API with native support for both ENSv1 and ENSv2, though data is exclusively sourced from ENSv1. ENSNode can be used as a future-proof integration point for your app to smoothly transition to ENSv2 when you need.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const omnigraphForEnsV1 = `**Activated.** Demonstrates the ENS Omnigraph's ability to support ENSv1 only before ENSv2 launches and both ENSv1 and ENSv2 are concurrently active. Until ENSv2 launches on this namespace, only ENSv1 domains will be available. As soon as ENSv2 launches on this namespace both ENSv1 and ENSv2 domains will be available.`;
```

export const omnigraphForEnsV1AndEnsV2 = `Powered by a polymorphic GraphQL API with native support for both ENSv1 and ENSv2. When ENSv2 launches in Summer 2026, data from two protocol versions coexist — and the ENS Omnigraph API will keep your app working against both, at the same time, with no code changes. Domains from ENSv1 and ENSv2 are indexed concurrently and exposed through a unified schema.`;

> export const omnigraphUnavailable = `Not activated due to this instance's focus on maximum compatibility with the ENS Subgraph.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const omnigraphUnactivated = `**Not activated.** This ENSNode instance optimizes for maximum compatibility with the ENS Subgraph. Therefore it exclusively activates the **subgraph** plugin and does not activate the **unigraph** plugin that the ENS Omnigraph API requires.`;
```

> export const ensProtocolAccelerationAvailable = `Radically accelerated resolution of most ENS queries. ENSNode’s architecture unlocks near-instant bulk resolution of live ENS records, including name resolution configurations that span across multiple chains.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const ensProtocolAccelerationAvailable = `**Available.** Accelerate most of your ENS protocol resolution requests while maintaining full compliance with all ENS protocol standards and best practices.`;
```

Note: It is not an accident that I described this as "Available" rather than "Activated" because the actual activation of protocol acceleration on a specific query has additional factors to consider including worst case distance, etc.

> export const ensProtocolAccelerationUnavailable = `Not activated due to this instance's focus on maximum compatibility with the ENS Subgraph.`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const ensProtocolAccelerationUnavailable = `**Unavailable.** Your ENS protocol resolution requests will be serviced in full compliance with all ENS protocol standards and best practices. However, this ENSNode instance did not activate the `protocol-acceleration` plugin and therefore ENS resolution requests will be serviced accurately but without acceleration.`;
```

> ## Hosted Instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get Started Quickly
```

> NameHash Labs provides freely available hosted instances for ENS developers looking to get started quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NameHash Labs provides hosted instances of ENSNode for developers building on ENS and looking to get started quickly.
```

These instances are currently provided free of charge with no API key required, have no rate limiting, and are maintained and monitored by the NameHash Labs team.

<HostedInstanceSdkVersionWarning for="both" />

### ENS Namespaces

> Each ENSNode hosted instance is configured for a specific ENS **namespace** and activated ENSNode **plugins**. The ENS namespace identifies which ENS protocol deployment will be indexed by ENSNode (ex: mainnet or sepolia). The activated plugins determine the specific indexed data model ENSIndexer will produce in ENSDb and therefore which APIs ENSApi will make available to query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ENSNode instance is configured for a specific **ENS namespace**. An ENS namespace identifies which ENS protocol deployment ENSNode will provide data for (ex: mainnet or sepolia).

Each ENS namespace is associated with a particular ENS Root Registry deployment, which may or may not have completed the transition from ENSv1 (only) to ENSv1 + ENSv2 (both v1 and v2 concurrently activated together).

ENSNode supports all of the following ENS namespaces:
- `mainnet` (currently ENSv1 only and not also ENSv2 yet)
- `sepolia` (currently ENSv1 only and not also ENSv2 yet)
- `sepolia-v2` (now ENSv1 + ENSv2 — An *all new* deployment of ENS to Sepolia that is already upgraded to ENSv1 + ENSv2 and is independent of the traditional `sepolia` ENS namespace listed above which currently remains ENSv1 only)
- `ens-test-env` (now ENSv1 + ENSv2 — A deployment of ENSv1 + ENSv2 to a local Anvil chain for development and testing. For details see https://github.com/ensdomains/ens-test-env and https://github.com/ensdomains/contracts-v2). Teams working on the core ENS protocol and infrastructure such as ENS Labs and NameHash Labs are using this ENSNode configuration to support ENSv2 development.

More details about ENS namespaces can be found inside [ENSNode's datasources package](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/packages/datasources).

### ENSNode Plugins

Each ENSNode instance is also configured for a specific set of activated **ENSNode plugins**.

The activated plugins determine the specific indexed data model and data records ENSIndexer will produce in ENSDb and therefore which APIs and data records ENSApi will make available to query.

### ENSv1 + ENSv2 Instances
These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has upgraded to ENSv1 + ENSv2 and demonstrate the latest support in ENSNode for ENSv1 and ENSv2 being concurrently activated together.
```

Reviewer: @tk-o Please manually delete all the content I've highlighted in this screenshot. Please note how I proposed edits to all of it in the suggestion above, however GitHub didn't allow me to directly propose edits to these lines in the PR review and so need you to manually heal things.

<img width="2880" height="1578" alt="CleanShot 2026-05-22 at 16 53 38" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b4164ee2-05fd-442b-a33c-7d678dc716d8" />

  instanceURL="https://api.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia-v2"

>   deployments="(ENSv1+ENSv2)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployments="ENSv1 + ENSv2 (concurrently activated together)"
```

  plugins="subgraph, unigraph, protocol-acceleration"
  >
  <Fragment slot="ens-omnigraph-api">
    {omnigraphForEnsV1AndEnsV2}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-subgraph-api">
    {subgraphCompatibilityApiLevel}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-protocol-acceleration">
    {ensProtocolAccelerationAvailable}
  </Fragment>
</HostedEnsNodeInstances>

> ## ENSv1 Instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ENSv1 Only Instances (not also ENSv2 yet)
```

> 

Reviewer: In the line below, please change:

"These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has **NOT** upgraded to ENSv2 yet and are still operating under ENSv1."

to:

"These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has **NOT** upgraded to support ENSv1 and ENSv2 concurrently yet and are still operating exclusively under ENSv1."

>   instanceURL="https://api.alpha.ensnode.io"

Reviewer: Several lines above, could you please change:

"These ENSNode instances focus on pushing the boundaries of what's possible with ENSNode."

to:

"These ENSNode instances do not constrain themselves to exclusively activating the `subgraph` plugin. They activate additional plugins such as the `unigraph` plugin to demonstrate the latest capabilities of ENSNode including the new ENS Omnigraph API."

  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.alpha.ensnode.io"
  namespace="mainnet"

>   deployments="(ENSv1 only)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployments="ENSv1 only (not also ENSv2 yet)"
```

>   plugins="subgraph, basenames, lineanames, threedns, unigraph, protocol-acceleration, registrars, tokenscope"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plugins="**unigraph**, **protocol-acceleration**, **subgraph**, basenames, lineanames, threedns, registrars, tokenscope"
```

>
  <Fragment slot="ens-omnigraph-api">
    {omnigraphForEnsV1}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-subgraph-api">
    {subgraphCompatibilityApiLevel}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-protocol-acceleration">
    {ensProtocolAccelerationAvailable}
  </Fragment>
</HostedEnsNodeInstances>

#### ENSNode 'Alpha-Sepolia'

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.alpha-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.alpha-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia"

>   deployments="(ENSv1 only)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployments="ENSv1 only (not also ENSv2 yet)"
```

>   plugins="subgraph, basenames, lineanames, registrars, unigraph, protocol-acceleration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plugins="**unigraph**, **protocol-acceleration**, **subgraph**, basenames, lineanames, registrars"
```

  >
  <Fragment slot="ens-omnigraph-api">
    {omnigraphForEnsV1}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-subgraph-api">
    {subgraphCompatibilityApiLevel}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-protocol-acceleration">
    {ensProtocolAccelerationAvailable}
  </Fragment>
</HostedEnsNodeInstances>

### Subgraph-style Deployments

> 

Reviewer: Please change the line below from:

"These ENSNode instances focus on maximizing backwards compatibility with the ENS Subgraph."

to:

"These ENSNode instances focus on maximizing backwards compatibility with the ENS Subgraph. Therefore they exclusively activate the `subgraph` plugin and no others."

  instanceURL="https://api.mainnet.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.mainnet.ensnode.io"
  namespace="mainnet"

>   deployments="(ENSv1 only)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployments="ENSv1 only (not also ENSv2 yet)"
```

>   plugins="subgraph"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plugins="**subgraph**"
```

  >
  <Fragment slot="ens-omnigraph-api">
    {omnigraphUnavailable}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-subgraph-api">
    {subgraphCompatibilityFull}
  </Fragment>

  <Fragment slot="ens-protocol-acceleration">
    {ensProtocolAccelerationUnavailable}
  </Fragment>
</HostedEnsNodeInstances>

#### ENSNode 'Sepolia'

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia"

>   deployments="(ENSv1 only)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployments="ENSv1 only (not also ENSv2 yet)"
```

>   plugins="subgraph"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plugins="**subgraph**"
```
